=head1 NAME

Pod::POM::Web::Help - How to use this Perl documentation

=head1 DESCRIPTION

L<Pod::POM::Web> is a Web application for browsing
the documentation of Perl components installed
on your local machine. Since pages are dynamically 
generated, they are always in sync with code actually
installed. 

This application makes heavy use of dynamic HTML techniques
like Ajax calls, autocompletion of search fields, etc., so 
it requires a modern browser. So far it has been tested
on MSIE 6.0 and Firefox 2.0.

=head2 Searching

Users can type search criteria in the single search input field
and then hit C<RETURN>. The behaviour depends on which 
search category was chosen in the search menu :

=over

=item perlfunc

The input field should contain one of the (many) builtin
perl functions. An autocompleter is automatically activated
to help choose a proper function name. The answer will be
an excerpt from the the L<perlfunc> documentation, just
for that specific  function.


=item perlfaq

This will search all C<perlfaq> entries whose title contains
the word given in the search input field.

=item modules

The input field should contain a module name.
An autocompleter is automatically activated
to help choose a proper module name. 
The answer will be the documentation for that module.

=item fulltext

This only works if the local Perl installation was indexed
(see L<Pod::POM::Web::Indexer> on how to do it).
In that case, the input field can contain 
one or several words, possibly connected
by boolean operators (L<Search::QueryParser>).
The answer will be a list of modules that
match that query, either in the documentation
or in the source code. Each module is presented
with some contextual excerpts of the matching words.

=back


=head2 Browsing

The browsing tree starts with two sections B<Perl docs> and
B<Pragmas>, containg core Perl documentation. The third section
B<Modules> reflects the structure of installed modules on the local
machine (the various C<@INC> directories such as C<lib>, C<site/lib>,
etc. are collapsed into a single tree). 
Only top-level nodes are loaded initially; subnodes are
fetched dynamically through Ajax calls when opening the nodes.

Navigation in the tree is either with the mouse or with the
keyboard. At any point in time, at most one node is I<selected> : this
is the one that receives keyboard events. Hence if the tree has no
selected node, no keyboard events are interpreted.

=head3 Mouse events

Clicking on a node label selects that node,
and displays the corresponding documentation page
in the other frame (if applicable -- some nodes
are just containers of other nodes, without their own
documentation page).

Clicking on the square C<+>/C<-> icon on the left of the
label toggles the open/closed status of the node.

=head3 Keyboard events


=over

=item C<keypad +>

open the node

=item C<keypad ->

close the node

=item C<keypad *>

open the node and all its subnodes 

=item C<keypad />

close the node and all its subnodes

=item C<Ctrl-keypad *>

activate "show all" mode (the content of closed nodes is nevertheless
visible, which may be useful for printing)


=item C<Ctrl-keypad />

deactivate the "show all" mode


=item C<TAB>

if closed, open the node; if already opened, pass focus to the next
item (maybe the next node, or another tabindex-enabled HTML element,
such as a form control).

=item C<E<uarr>>

move to previous displayed node

=item C<E<darr>>

move to next displayed node

=item C<E<larr>>

if open, close the node; if already closed, move to parent node

=item C<E<rarr>>

if closed, open the node; if already open, move to next subnode

=item C<HOME>

select the first node of the tree

=item C<END>

select the last visible subnode of the tree

=item C<Ctrl-R>

refresh the node's content (if that node has an URL for dynamic
content).

=item C<RETURN>

select the node and display its documentation page

=item C<Ctrl-1>..C<Ctrl-9>

close all nodes at level of the specified digit, and open all nodes
above

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Pod::Webserver> is another, earlier implementation of a Perl documentation 
server.

Perl documentation can be browsed in command-line mode
through the L<perldoc> utility.

See L<Pod::POM::Web> for information about how this application
is implemented.
